Add documentation about the new Serve dashboard features (#33889)
ray-project/ray: doc/source/serve/production-guide/monitoring.md

You can access the Ray dashboard at port 8265 at your cluster's URI.
For example, if you're running Ray Serve locally, you can access the dashboard by going to `http://localhost:8265` in your browser.

> You can view important information about your application here by accessing the [Serve page](dash-serve-view).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can view important information about your application by accessing the [Serve page](dash-serve-view).
```

```{image} https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ray-project/Images/master/docs/new-dashboard-v2/serve.png
:align: center
```

> In this example, there's a single-node cluster running a deployment named `Translator`. This deployment has 2 replicas.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example has a single-node cluster running a deployment named `Translator`. This deployment has 2 replicas.
```

> You can view details of these replicas by browsing the Serve page and diving into the details page of each replica. From there, you can view metadata about the replica and the logs of the replicas, which includes the `logging` and `print` statements emitted from the replica process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
View details of these replicas by browsing the Serve page.  On the details page of each replica, you can view metadata and logs, including the `logging` and `print` statements generated by the replica process.
```

(ServeReplica:SayHello pid=63885) INFO 2022-08-10 23:10:08,004 SayHello SayHello#JYbzqP replica.py:482 - HANDLE __call__ OK 0.2ms
```

> A copy of these logs are stored at `/tmp/ray/session_latest/logs/serve/`. You can parse these stored logs with a logging stack such as ELK or [Loki](serve-logging-loki) to search them by deployment or replica.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Find a copy of these logs at `/tmp/ray/session_latest/logs/serve/`. You can parse these stored logs with a logging stack such as ELK or [Loki](serve-logging-loki) to be able to search by deployment or replica.
```

:language: python
```

> The requests will loop until canceled with `ctrl-c`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The requests loop until canceled with `Ctrl-c`.
```

[Arize](https://docs.arize.com/arize/) is a machine learning observability platform which can help you to monitor real-time model performance, root cause model failures/performance degradation using explainability & slice analysis and surface drift, data quality, data consistency issues etc.

> To integrate with Arize, you can directly add Arize client code into your Serve deployment code. ([Example code](https://docs.arize.com/arize/integrations/integrations/anyscale-ray-serve))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To integrate with Arize, add Arize client code directly into your Serve deployment code. ([Example code](https://docs.arize.com/arize/integrations/integrations/anyscale-ray-serve))
```
